Sunning, you little folk tailor
I may not know what kind of existence the Dragon Temple is
I don't even know the four gods of war
Status in the Dragon Temple
So I didn't kneel down and beg for mercy immediately
Then I tell you
Your Highness' junior sister will never kneel before anyone
Murong Xuance
Could it be that you are relying on the danger of the Dragon Temple?
It is impossible to oppress the common people
So what?
Don't you dare
The whole of Central China has to obey my Dragon Temple
Except for the dragon girl who has been missing for many years
My brother's status is above ten thousand people
What's wrong with bullying him as a commoner?
He also has to be grateful
Thank you for my brother's grace
He bullies people
You are a lowly little tailor
What's wrong with bullying you?
In my eyes
You are just one
Just a lowly pug
Except for the Dragon Temple
Everything is a puppy
Blame yourself for your incompetence
Get it for me
It seems that you have decided to go against the sky
Okay, then let this God of War today
To execute you gangsters
thief
To understand junior sister
Go through me first
General Qi
I've wanted to fight you for a long time
Brother, you just got so hurt
I can't let anything happen to you
Junior Sister
18 years ago, you diverted the enemy to save the three of us
Three make up their minds
I will never put you in danger in the future
Protect Junior Sister Junior Sister
Qi Sining, die